Project "Dogen" PowerPoint Presentation Outline

An adult social hub that brings people together through the universal languages of dance, cooking, and gaming.

The amenities would include the following:
    - Cooking area
    - Dance studio/night-club space
    - Eating area/board game space/card game space
    - PC gaming area/console gaming area for party games and backseat gaming of visually-stunning, narrative-driven games
The vision is to mitigate, or reduce, the loneliness epidemic in the U.S.
I've thought of a few ideas for virtual apps that could help, but I've determined that a brick-and-mortar location would be the best method because at the end of the day we are physical, social creatures and bars and restaurants do not aid in the formation of personal connections and creating opportunities to meet new people. (cite this statistic)

Trends and Demographics
    The target demographic is Gen Z and young Millenials.
    First question:
    Does the loneliness epidemic exist?
        1. Internet articles cite Cigna's survey.
        2. ---- Another survey
        3. Former surgeon general Vivek Murthy
            Not only does the loneliness epidemic exist but it's a public health issue with catastrophic effects.
            1. Meta-analysis of data shows that loneliness is equivalent to smoking X cigarrettes per day.
    How have we been dealing with the loneliness epidemic in the U.S.?
        What has fallen?
            1. Attendance of religious services has been steadily decreasing every year.
            2. The appeal alcohol has decreased among young people. Drinking as an activity usually must start at a young age for it to become a regular habit.
            3. Heterosexual sex has fallen for young men.
        What has risen in its place?
            1. Electronic solo entertainment: video games, social media, streaming services, internet usage, and food app-delivery are on the rise.
                a. Now that last one doesn't make sense. Debt is among the highest with young people, so how can we afford take-out food all the time? Part of it is that these kids don't know how to cook. The other part is that they are so stressed out that they don't want to cook or learn how to cook.
            2. Dating apps: one-third of all marriages start from meeting someone online.
            3. Special interest activities: cycling clubs, running, exercise clubs, conventions, and events related to this special interest.
                The way to meet people regularly in a city is to commit to a special interest and join a special interest community. There is usually a limited amount of people in a special interest community and if you're doing any activity that lacks gender diversity, it becomes increasingly difficult to find a partner. And if you do an activity just to meet new people without really caring about the activity, you might come off as dishonest; because you're not being genuine; and it's easy for you to have a social stigma of loneliness attached to you. These two emotional hurdles can easily bar people from entering gender-dominated activities.
Practical Challenges
    Aside from normal marketing through social media channels and physical flyers, how do you get people through the door?
        From the bell-shaped curve, we need to appeal to innovators and early adopters: in this case, slightly extraverted people who want to try new things.
        1. The idea is to invite niche dance groups to practice at our dance studio for free or reduced entry for a limited number of members with the condition that they designate one of their members to teach anyone who wants to learn or try it out. The social media produced by the dance groups and the store window would be used to market dance to innovators. If the dance group brings in enough people regularly, we could actually start paying the leaders of the dance group.
            a. The dance studio could be converted into a night-time dance club with a DJ.
            b. Before dancing, we could tell the customer about the other services that we offer.
        2. Offer Cooking classes to target specific groups of people:
            Singles cooking nights
            Couples cooking nights
            Random-invite/friend cooking nights for meeting new people with friends:
                The random-invite cooking nights are a way for friends to meet at the location, sign in, safely-breakup to meet new people, and regroup afterwards to discuss what to do next.
        3. PC and console gaming with an emphasis on PCs.
            What would this look like?
            12 PCs set up, possibly console gaming for party games and for backseat gaming of visually-stunning, narrative-driven games.
            Reasons to include gaming:
                a. Taps into the gaming community, which often struggles to make connections in-person due to knowledge limited to their special interests:
                    - Gaming tournaments with small cash prizes
                    - Gaming offers a space for people to retreat into until they're comfortable with talking to other people.
                b. A member might want to get work doneon the PC while waiting for friends or while looking for someone interesting to meet.
                    - This gives an excuse to come here after work instead of going straight home.
                c. Ensures future-proofing as games and technology improves over time; specifically virtual and augmented reality
    How do you maintain longterm relevancy?
        1. Sections can be expanded by converting sections from one to another.
            a. This flexibility gives us an unfair advantage.
        2. Augmented and virtual reality will play an important part in the future. The dance studio could be converted into a virtual reality
    How are you going to handle cooking to ensure safety standards and avoid liabilities?
        1. Two supervisors: one cooking instructor and one assistant who can ask anyone to leave at any time for irresponsible behavior.
        2. Liability waivers, which must be signed by the customer before using the kitchen and Allergy information will be made known to the instructor and assistant.
        3. Separate food into three fridges and a pantry: vegetables, meats, and general storage.


Business Structure and Consumer Cycle
    As a small operation, at least four people are needed:
        On the business side, there must be one person working on management, marketing, and accounting. I would be playing this role.
        For the storefront side, there must be three people working:
            1. A cooking instructor/kitchen supervisor.
            2. A sociologist that works as a cooking assistant/apprentice and performs basic maintenance, cleaning, and helps with planning.
                The expectation is that someday the sociologist/psychologist will learn from the cooking instructor to someday replace them.
            3. A greeter who also acts as security and moderator for games, PC and console usage.
    Type of business
        1. On a small scale, the business would operate as a for-profit co-op.
        2. Because we're attempting to solve a public health issue, there is an alternative for the operation to work as a non-profit. It all depends on who wants to give me most money: the state or venture capitalists.
        - Give example of the social kitchen in new york being a non-profit.
    Consumer cycle
        1. Looking for people.
        2. Relationships with acquaintances mature into friendships.
        3. Friends engage in activities not related to our business.
        4. Maturation of relationships:
            CASE I: Friends may exclusively remain friends for life OR
            CASE II: Relationships mature to such a point that they seek meeting new people and forming new friendships.
                A. Complete maturation of relationships includes the following:
                    - Breakups
                    - Mutual understandings
                    - Relationships mature when the lesson is learned: when the personal narrative that began with meeting someone ends because there is either nothing else to learn from them, or people grow in different ways that cause the relationship to lose its value.
                        - Either stagnation or diminishing returns
        5. Looking for people.

